Docs 8133 as2 v6.0 UG (#801)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/as2/AS2-connector-examples-6-0.adoc

= AS2 - Examples - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../../assets/images/

> == Example: Configure a Send AS2 Message

Reviewer: Is this the title style used by connector doc for examples: "Example: ..."?

Reviewer: Also, compare this title with the peer for receiving, and try to word the titles in a parallel way if you can.

> . Place the connector in your flow as applicable.

Reviewer: Should we name the connector?

Reviewer: What does "as applicable" mean?
Is the connector typically already there ("...if it is not there already")?
Do we mean the method of placing it in the flow, or the position?
Consider clarifying.

> . To send an AS2 message with request for MDN in your Mule application, create a global `AS2 Connector Send config` element for use by the AS2 send operations.

Reviewer: Is this topic an example of **configuring** a send message, or **sending** a request, or **creating** a send element?
It is not clear to me, based on both title and wording used here, what the actual user action here is.

Reviewer: Is this sentence redundant?

"**To send**...create a config element...**for use by send** operations"?

Reviewer: What is "an AS2 message **with request for MDN in** your Mule application"?

Is it a message that **includes a request to use Mozilla Developer Network** in your app?

Reviewer: Is this what we really mean?

```suggestion
. Create an `AS2 Connector Send config` global element for AS2 send operations to use MDN in your Mule apps.
```

> The `AS2 Connector Send config`  provides the following global configuration parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AS2 Connector Send config` global element provides the following global configuration parameters:
```
"provides" or "includes" or "consists of"?

+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===

> |Key| Description

Reviewer: Proofed/copyedited values

Reviewer: Not too sure about the use of the space-hyphen-space formatting in the Key column entries of this table.
Is it possible that we need a first column "Type of Configuration"?

```suggestion
|Type of Configuration| Key| Description
```

> |Self config - AS2 Partner Name| Sender’s AS2 system identifier. Used for AS2-From and AS2-To headers.

Reviewer 2: AS2 Partner Name is the field name as displayed in anypoint studio. as2Name is the field name as per a data weave transformation.

Author: Added to content.

Reviewer 3: Anypoint Studio is showing Self config - AS2 Partner Name. Therefore it is best to keep this as it is and not change to as2Name. This example is intended for someone who is writing/wiring AS2 connector's operations/sources. So it is best to align this with what they will see in Anypoint Studio.

> |Self config - x509 alias| Sender’s certificate and/or private key alias in the keystore. Required if using signing or encryption.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY replace `/ ` or `and/or` with the best or most likely of `and` or `or` in all narrative text, per style ref.

|Self config - Email| Sender partner’s email.

> |Partner config - AS2 ID| Receiver’s AS2 system identifier. Used for AS2-From and AS2-To headers.

Reviewer 2: Same as above, AS2 Partner Name is the field name as displayed in anypoint studio. as2Name is the field name as per a data weave transformation. In this case im not sure where AS2 ID has come from?

Author: If you don't know, then should we remove it?

Reviewer 3: Anypoint Studio is showing **Partner config - AS2 Partner Name**. Therefore it is best to change this accordingly.

> |Partner config - x509 alias| Receiver’s Certificate and/or private key alias in the keystore. Required if using signing or encryption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Partner config - x509 alias| Receiver’s certificate or private key alias in the keystore. Required if using signing or encryption.
```

|Partner config - Email| Receiver partner’s email.
|Requester config - Subject| Free-form text for MIME subject header. Can include references to self or partner `simpleName` values along with the message `fileName`, for example, sending the `file example.txt` to partner via AS2.
|Requester config - MDN MIC Signature Algorithm| The algorithm with which MIC is calculated for the MDN signature. The message is `UNSIGNED` by default.
|Requester config - Request a receipt| Option to request a receipt from the partner. `SIGNED_OPTIONAL` by default.

> |Requester config - Request delivery URL| Asynchronous receipt delivery URL that points to the MDN listener endpoint.

Reviewer 2: Request delivery URL -> Receipt delivery URL

Author: I don't understand this comment. Do you want to change this to the second item?

Reviewer 3: Yes change this to be 'Receipt Delivery URL' instead of Request delivery URL.

> |Requester config - MDN MIC Signature Algorithm| The algorithm with which MIC is calculated for the MDN signature. Request partner to respond with a signed MDN using this algorithm for calculating MIC. The message is `UNSIGNED` by default.

Reviewer: Parallelism...although I am not convinced that we need to use "shorthand" narrative for the Description texts (without articles, etc.):
```suggestion
|Requester config - MDN MIC Signature Algorithm| The algorithm with which MIC is calculated for the MDN signature. Request partner to respond with a signed MDN using this algorithm for calculating MIC. `UNSIGNED` by default.
```

|Requester config - Encryption Algorithm| The encryption algorithm for encrypting the message. `UNENCRYPTED` by default.

> |Requester config - MIC Signature Algorithm| The algorithm with which MIC is calculated for the message signature.  The message is `UNSIGNED` by default.

Reviewer 2: There is a missing field for the MDN MIC Signature Algorithm, this has the following summary:
Request partner to respond with a signed MDN using this algorithm for calculating MIC.

Author: Add to description.

Reviewer 2: `|Requester config - MDN MIC Signature Algorithm| Request partner to respond with a signed MDN using this algorithm for calculating MIC.`

> |Requester config - MIC Signature Algorithm| The algorithm with which MIC is calculated for the message signature.  The message is `UNSIGNED` by default.

Reviewer: ditto parallelism:
```suggestion
|Requester config - MIC Signature Algorithm| The algorithm with which MIC is calculated for the message signature.  `UNSIGNED` by default.
```

|Requester config - Content transfer encoding| The content transfer encoding. `BINARY` by default.
|Requester config - Compression type| ZLIB is the only supported compression and decompression type. `NONE` by default.

> |Keystore config - Keystore Path| The path of the keystore where certificates and keys are provided.

Reviewer: "provided"? See similar question earlier.

|Keystore config - Keystore Password| The password for the keystore.
|Keystore config - Private key Password| The private key password, if required.
|===
+

> . Configure a connection to the partner AS2 endpoint by providing the `Partner Base URL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure a connection to the partner AS2 endpoint by providing the `Partner Base URL` value.
```

> . If you want to configure other connection details (such as TLS, proxy, basic authentication, and timeouts) do so now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you want to configure other connection details (such as TLS, proxy, basic authentication, and timeouts), do so now.
```

> . Send the file or message by either using `Send with sync mdn` or `Send with async mdn`:

Reviewer: "file or message"? Do we need both? Did we also call this a "request" earlier?
Try to pick the most precise term and use it consistently, in all writing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Send the file or message by using either `Send with sync mdn` or `Send with async mdn`:
```

Reviewer: Are `payload`, `filename`, and `Boolean` (following) actual syntax from the send syntax above?
Clarify by formatting, if so.

> ** The payload is the message content to be sent.

Reviewer: Consider...:
```suggestion
** `payload` is the message content.
```

> ** Filename is the file name of the message being sent.

Reviewer: Consider...:
```suggestion
** `filename` is the name of the message.
```

> ** The Boolean required to configure if the process should fail or if the receipt status is not processed.

Reviewer: Consider...:
```suggestion
** `Boolean` is the value used if the process fails or the receipt status is not processed.
```

. If you choose to request an asynchronous receipt, you must configure the `MDN Listener`.

=== Configure an MDN Listener

Place the connector’s `MDN Listener` as a source in your flow as applicable and reference the global config defined here.

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Key| Description

> |Self config - AS2 OID| Sender partner’s OID.

Reviewer 2: Same as above

Author: Again, don't understand.

Reviewer 3: What luke is saying is that Anypoint Studio is showing **Self config - AS2 Partner Name**. Therefore it is best to change this accordingly to say **|Self config - AS2 Partner Name*| Receiver's AS2 system identifier. Used for AS2-From and AS2-To headers.*

> . If you choose to request an asynchronous receipt, you must configure the `MDN Listener`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you choose to request an asynchronous receipt, you must configure `MDN Listener`.
```

|Self config - x509 alias| Sender’s certificate and/or private key alias in the keystore.
|Self config - Email| Sender partner’s email.

> |Partner config - AS2 ID| Receiver partner’s OID.

Reviewer 2: Same as above

Author: Again, unsure what to do here.

Reviewer 3: What luke is saying is that Anypoint Studio is showing **Partner config - AS2 Partner Name**. Therefore it is best to change this accordingly to say **|Partner config - AS2 Partner Name*| Receiver's AS2 system identifier. Used for AS2-From and AS2-To headers.*

> Place the connector’s `MDN Listener` as a source in your flow as applicable and reference the global config defined here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For asynchronous message receipt, place the connector’s `MDN Listener` value as a source in your flow and reference the global configuration: 
```
ditto prev. question about "as applicable" and by "defined here" did you mean the following table?

> |Key| Description

Reviewer: Ditto previous suggestion re. table column headings

> |Self config - x509 alias| Sender’s certificate and/or private key alias in the keystore.

Reviewer: ditto re. and/or

> |Partner config - x509 alias| Receiver’s Certificate and/or private key alias in the keystore.

Reviewer: ditto lc "certificate" and "and/or."
GLOBALLY search for and replace "and/or."

|Partner config - Email| Receiver partner’s email.

> |HTTP Listener config| Reference to HTTP Listener global config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|HTTP Listener config| Reference to HTTP Listener global configuration.
```
global element configuration?

> |Keystore config - Keystore Path| The path of the keystore where certificates and keys are provided.

Reviewer: ditto re. "provided"

|Keystore config - Keystore Password| The password for the keystore.
|Keystore config - Private key Password| The private key password if required.
|===

=== Example: Configure an AS2 Listener for Receiving a Message

. Place the connector’s `AS2 Listener` as a source in your flow as applicable for your needs and reference the global config as defined here.
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Key| Description

> |Self config - AS2 OID| Receiver partner’s OID.

Reviewer 2: Same as above

Author: Does this have to do with the IDs?

Reviewer 3: What luke is saying is that Anypoint Studio is showing **Self config - AS2 Partner Name**. Therefore it is best to change this accordingly to say **|Self config - AS2 Partner Name*| Receiver's AS2 system identifier. Used for AS2-From and AS2-To headers.*

> |Keystore config - Private key Password| The private key password if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Keystore config - Private key Password| The private key password, if required.
```

Reviewer: BREAK here to commit to avoid GitHub issues....

Reviewer: RESUME

> === Example: Configure an AS2 Listener for Receiving a Message

Reviewer: Because this topic basically follows the previous, please consider the suggestions above in this one as well.

Reviewer: Also, is there a way to make this title and the previous one more obviously peers: one for sending and one for receiving?

|Self config - x509 alias| Receiver alias as defined in the keystore file.
|Self config - Email| Receiver partner’s email.

> |Partner config - AS2 ID| Sender partner’s OID.

Reviewer 2: Same as above

Author: ???

Reviewer 3: What luke is saying is that Anypoint Studio is showing **Partner config - AS2 Partner Name**. Therefore it is best to change this accordingly to say **|Partner config - AS2 Partner Name*| Sender's AS2 system identifier. Used for AS2-From and AS2-To headers.*

> . Place the connector’s `AS2 Listener` as a source in your flow as applicable for your needs and reference the global config as defined here.

Reviewer: "Place as a source in your flow" just sounds odd to me. 
Do we want to emphasize the location or the action of "placing" or do we want to emphasize it's designation as a source by "specifying" or "establishing"?

Reviewer: Also, can you "place" a syntax value?
Please review this topic set for how ` ` is used as a format. 
Syntax is a value of something, not the thing itself, so it needs an article and an object: the `AS2 Listener` value or simply `AS2 Listener`.
Otherwise, is it just a thing, not formatted: the AS2 Listener
GLOBAL

Reviewer: GLOBALLY spell out "configuration" as a noun and a verb. 
Use "config" only as a syntax value ` ` or label * *.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Insert the connector `AS2 Listener` component as a source in your flow and reference the global element configuration as defined here:
```

> |Key| Description

Reviewer: ditto all previous edits to previous table with same entries

|Partner config - x509 alias| Sender alias as defined in the keystore.
|Partner config - Email| Sender partner’s email.
|HTTP Listener config| Reference to HTTP Listener global config.
|Keystore config - Keystore Path| The path of the keystore where certificates and keys are provided.
|Keystore config - Keystore Password| The password for the keystore.
|Keystore config - Private key Password| The private key password, if required.

> |Inbound Request Authentication| Configure the Basic Authentication credentials that are allowed within the incoming request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Inbound Request Authentication| Configure Basic authentication credentials for the incoming request.
```
See term list re. authentication type name presentations.
